This video is meant for people like myself. You have zero technical background, but you use AI tools regularly . In this video, we'll follow a simple one, two, three learning path by building on concepts you already understand . All the while using examples, you will actually encounter in real life.  The L-R-M produces an output based on its training data . This highlights two key traits of large language models . Despite being trained on vast amounts of data, they have limited knowledge of proprietary information, like our personal information, or internal company data .  The L-R-M will now first go into my Google calendar to find that information . This is a fundamental trait of AI workflows. They can only follow pre-defined paths set by humans . If you want to get technical, this path is also called the control logic .  RAG is a process that helps AI models look things up before the answer, like accessing my calendar or the weather service . By the way, I have a free AI toolkit that cuts through the noise and helps you master essential AI tools and workflows .  The Google Sheet is an AI workflow that follows a predefined path set by a human . It can run automatically every day at 8 a.m. If I test this workflow and I don't like the final outputs of the LinkedIn post, for example, it's not funny enough .  The goal of creating social media posts based off of news articles is to be replaced by an AI agent . The one massive change that has to happen in order for this AI workflow is for me, the human decision maker . The AI agent must act ak ak ak.  A third key trait of AI agents is their ability to iterate . An AI agent will be able to do the same thing autonomously . All AI agents must reason and act . An AI agent in the background is first reasoning what a skier looks like . Then it's acting by looking at clips in video footage and then returning that clip to us . The programming is obviously a lot more more more than a human .  The average user like myself wants a simple app that just works without me having to understand what's going on in the back end . To wrap up, here's a simplified visualization of the three levels we covered today . The key trade is that the human programs a path for LM to follow .  The LM is a decision maker in the workflow . If you found this helpful, you might want to learn how to build a prompt database in Notion . See you on the next video in the meantime .